Disable implicit pre-read by default for Put operations (#1336)
scalar-labs/scalardb: docs/api-guide.md

`Put` is an operation to put a record specified by a primary key. The operation behaves as an upsert operation for a record, in which the operation updates the record if the record exists or inserts the record if the record does not exist.

{% capture notice--info %}
**Note**

> When you update an existing record, you need to read the record by using `Get` or `Scan` before using a `Put` operation. Otherwise, the operation will fail due to a conflict. This occurs because ScalarDB assumes that another transaction wrote the record. Instead of reading the record explicitly, you can enable implicit pre-read. See [Enable implicit pre-read for `Put` operations](#enable-implicit-pre-read-for-put-operations) for details.

Author: I think your understanding is correct. However, since this document is not intended to explain the details of the transaction mechanism in ScalarDB, we might not need to explain it deeply here. Or do you have an idea for this? If yes, can you please suggest it? Thanks.

> When you update an existing record, you need to read the record by using `Get` or `Scan` before using a `Put` operation. Otherwise, the operation will fail due to a conflict. This occurs because ScalarDB assumes that another transaction wrote the record. Instead of reading the record explicitly, you can enable implicit pre-read. See [Enable implicit pre-read for `Put` operations](#enable-implicit-pre-read-for-put-operations) for details.

Reviewer: It might be a bit deep (so it might not be proper for this document), but how about the following description?

```suggestion
When you update an existing record, you need to read the record by using `Get` or `Scan` before using a `Put` operation. Otherwise, the operation will fail due to a conflict. ScalarDB needs to check whether another transaction wrote the record for concurrency control when it runs write operations, but ScalarDB cannot do that if you don't read the existing record before write operations. This causes the conflict error. Instead of reading the record explicitly, you can enable implicit pre-read. See [Enable implicit pre-read for `Put` operations](#enable-implicit-pre-read-for-put-operations) for details.
```

---

Or, how about the following simple description? I think this is not a deep.

```suggestion
When you update an existing record, you need to read the record by using `Get` or `Scan` before using a `Put` operation. Otherwise, the operation will fail due to a conflict. This occurs because the specification of ScalarDB to manage transactions properly. Instead of reading the record explicitly, you can enable implicit pre-read. See [Enable implicit pre-read for `Put` operations](#enable-implicit-pre-read-for-put-operations) for details.
```

> When you update an existing record, you need to read the record by using `Get` or `Scan` before using a `Put` operation. Otherwise, the operation will fail due to a conflict. This occurs because ScalarDB assumes that another transaction wrote the record. Instead of reading the record explicitly, you can enable implicit pre-read. See [Enable implicit pre-read for `Put` operations](#enable-implicit-pre-read-for-put-operations) for details.

Author: @komamitsu (CC: @feeblefakie) What do you think about @kota2and3kan's idea?

> When you update an existing record, you need to read the record by using `Get` or `Scan` before using a `Put` operation. Otherwise, the operation will fail due to a conflict. This occurs because ScalarDB assumes that another transaction wrote the record. Instead of reading the record explicitly, you can enable implicit pre-read. See [Enable implicit pre-read for `Put` operations](#enable-implicit-pre-read-for-put-operations) for details.

Reviewer 2: I noticed [Enable implicit pre-read for `Put` operations](#enable-implicit-pre-read-for-put-operations) already has a detailed description about the background. So, the following simple one is okay?

```
When you update an existing record, you need to read the record by using `Get` or `Scan` before using a `Put` operation. The implicit pre-read feature would be useful for that. See [Enable implicit pre-read for `Put` operations](#enable-implicit-pre-read-for-put-operations) for details.
```

> When you update an existing record, you need to read the record by using `Get` or `Scan` before using a `Put` operation. Otherwise, the operation will fail due to a conflict. This occurs because ScalarDB assumes that another transaction wrote the record. Instead of reading the record explicitly, you can enable implicit pre-read. See [Enable implicit pre-read for `Put` operations](#enable-implicit-pre-read-for-put-operations) for details.

Author: Okay, thank you. Let me fix with `This occurs because of the specification of ScalarDB to manage transactions properly.` Thanks.

> When you update an existing record, you need to read the record by using `Get` or `Scan` before using a `Put` operation. Otherwise, the operation will fail due to a conflict. This occurs because ScalarDB assumes that another transaction wrote the record. Instead of reading the record explicitly, you can enable implicit pre-read. See [Enable implicit pre-read for `Put` operations](#enable-implicit-pre-read-for-put-operations) for details.

Reviewer: > Only one thing:
> 
> > This occurs because the specification of ScalarDB to manage transactions properly.
> 
> `This occurs because of the specification of ScalarDB to manage transactions properly.` seems a bit better.

Ah, sorry... I overlooked the grammar error... 🙇 
I fixed my suggestion just in case!

```suggestion
When you update an existing record, you need to read the record by using `Get` or `Scan` before using a `Put` operation. Otherwise, the operation will fail due to a conflict. This occurs because of the specification of ScalarDB to manage transactions properly. Instead of reading the record explicitly, you can enable implicit pre-read. See [Enable implicit pre-read for `Put` operations](#enable-implicit-pre-read-for-put-operations) for details.
```

> When you update an existing record, you need to read the record by using `Get` or `Scan` before using a `Put` operation. Otherwise, the operation will fail due to a conflict. This occurs because ScalarDB assumes that another transaction wrote the record. Instead of reading the record explicitly, you can enable implicit pre-read. See [Enable implicit pre-read for `Put` operations](#enable-implicit-pre-read-for-put-operations) for details.

Author: Fixed in dfec35af2614d6d0b67a3a0d88f7c6b0a16fb2fe. Thanks.

> When you update an existing record, you need to read the record by using `Get` or `Scan` before using a `Put` operation. Otherwise, the operation will fail due to a conflict. This occurs because of the specification of ScalarDB to manage transactions properly. Instead of reading the record explicitly, you can enable implicit pre-read. See [Enable implicit pre-read for `Put` operations](#enable-implicit-pre-read-for-put-operations) for details.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When you update an existing record, you need to read the record by using `Get` or `Scan` before using a `Put` operation. Otherwise, the operation will fail due to a conflict. This occurs because of the specification of ScalarDB to manage transactions properly. Instead of reading the record explicitly, you can enable implicit pre-read. For details, see [Enable implicit pre-read for `Put` operations](#enable-implicit-pre-read-for-put-operations).
```

        .clusteringKey(clusteringKey)
        .floatValue("c4", 1.23F)
        .doubleValue("c5", 4.56)
        .enableImplicitPreRead()
        .build();
```

> Note that if you are certain that a record you are trying to mutate does not exist, you should not enable implicit pre-read for the `Put` operation for better performance. For example, if you load initial data, you should not enable implicit pre-read. A `Put` operation without implicit pre-read is faster than `Put` operation with implicit pre-read because the operation skips an unnecessary read.

Author: I think `load initial data` is an example of the situation where you are certain that a record you are trying to mutate does not exist. `insert a new record` sounds too general and it's not an example to me . What do you think?

> Note that if you are certain that a record you are trying to mutate does not exist, you should not enable implicit pre-read for the `Put` operation for better performance. For example, if you load initial data, you should not enable implicit pre-read. A `Put` operation without implicit pre-read is faster than `Put` operation with implicit pre-read because the operation skips an unnecessary read.

Reviewer 2: I see. Your intention sounds reasonable 👍 

I just thought "load" sounds to make a target state expected one. Insertions would be mainly used for that, but updates might be used. So, I slightly preferred explicitly mentioning `insert`. But either sounds okay!

> Note that if you are certain that a record you are trying to mutate does not exist, you should not enable implicit pre-read for the `Put` operation for better performance. For example, if you load initial data, you should not enable implicit pre-read. A `Put` operation without implicit pre-read is faster than `Put` operation with implicit pre-read because the operation skips an unnecessary read.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
{% capture notice--info %}
**Note**

If you are certain that a record you are trying to mutate does not exist, you should not enable implicit pre-read for the `Put` operation for better performance. For example, if you load initial data, you should not enable implicit pre-read. A `Put` operation without implicit pre-read is faster than `Put` operation with implicit pre-read because the operation skips an unnecessary read.
{% endcapture %}

<div class="notice--info">{{ notice--info | markdownify }}</div>
```
